okay so I'm sitting here doing emails at
the South by Southwest hotel um some
would airdrops me
Thomas's MacBook Pro just air-dropped me
a picture of the astronauts what should
I do what would you do in this moment
would you accept it
should I just hit accept oh really good
now I have this beautiful picture of an
astronaut sloth is smiling at my soul oh
my gosh you just did it again guys
Thomas needs to chill he keeps sending
me a picture of a sloth I don't know how
to turn yeah oh here we go
oh my gosh she there he is okay let's
see allow me to be discovered by context
totally okay
[Music]
you just got spec did you guys model
model Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
Twitter house we like Twitter I'm all
about it we kind of love Twitter I do
it's my second fave yeah it's constantly
big black fans pulling over with famous
people and going to like a random event
it could be anything there's just these
pop-ups everywhere that's like offering
free things system free tea this is
actually very good
pinky up
black to use vanilla vibe I take it this
is just a random Sony pop up I don't
know what's happening there's so much
more look this is the wow factor
[Music]
with free meaning
we
I have the handwriting of a four year
old party number two at the four seasons
oh it's so lovely
I did it for Joel
deadmau5 guys I need to see your sleeve
[Applause]
[Music]
is based in New York City so you got me
these are the type of parties where it's
it's spread out there's a lot of cool
people and the music is abundant so good
but you can still talk to people right
and we're outside okay
tell them your Instagram handle - it is
that time nighttime at south/southwest
which means party time honestly very
proud of myself for going out and
socializing this is a big you know got a
got a tough it out for South by
Southwest I've been rolling in a
beautiful mercedes-benz all day thanks
to car to go would you use my discount
code right here if you want to check out
car to go it's basically like Bluebird
but you get your own car and you drive
yourself wherever you want
[Music]
they said I wasn't gonna drink any beer
I'm making mistakes era that South Iowa
I got a new black camera ser you love it
like check it out okay look it's a
t-mobile psyche too
[Music]
so I dropped off my Mercedes car to go
but that is my new car to go see it home
I'm actually staying with the Killa
tonight because I had a total change of
plans last minute and I actually changed
my flight I should be home in New York
City right now but there's so many
things going on so many parties I didn't
want to miss the Mashable and all the
parties I went to today
I was totally missed and so massive
change of plans last minute but that
left me without a hotel room because
it's impossible to get a hotel unless
you reserved like six months out into
the future and that's what I did since I
was speaking here but akela thank you
for letting me stay in your hotel
Austin what is this weather it's called
raining it's kind of gross I slept so
well so well last night South by
Southwest has been pretty epic
it's very all over the place one of the
main reasons you come to South by
Southwest if you have a badge you can go
to all these sessions all of these talks
and learn all the things but most the
sessions have just insane insane outside
of the halls and rooms which is slightly
annoying
now let's feeling a little bit left out
that I didn't have time to go to any
talks but you know I've kind of bouncing
from Party to party and the people that
I've met at these parties or just you
know you go to shake the hands right
today I have a massive massive amount of
editing before going back to New York
City New York City is going to be
experiencing a blizzard a very intense
snowstorm right when I'm getting back so
I think I'm getting back right before it
I'm praying I don't get stuck at the
airport that would be awful but thank
you so much for spending South by
Southwest with me enjoying these Austin
vlogs hopefully I'm super glad that I
deleted my flight and was able to stay
yesterday and today worth it next time
you see me I'll be in a new place other
than York City things things are getting
crazy around here I hope you're okay
with that keep hustling keep killing it
fam until next time stay PG okay bye
[Music]